Risebird logo
Risebird
Share
Show more options
Data Scientist
India · 6 days ago · Over 100 applicants
Promoted by hirer · Company review time is typically 1 week

Apply now: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4403726882&f_T=3172&geoId=101282230&keywords=data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_LOCATION_AUTOCOMPLETE&refresh=true&sortBy=R

Remote
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.

 Part-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Part-time.

Easy Apply

Save
Save Data Scientist at Risebird
Data Scientist
Risebird · India (Remote)

Easy Apply

Save
Save Data Scientist at Risebird
Show more options
Your profile matches several required qualifications


Show match details


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Meet the hiring team
Pooja M
Pooja M 
 2nd
Operation Analyst at Risebird
Job poster · 1 mutual connection

Message
About the job
Hi,


We provide on-demand video interviews service to employers and job-seekers. 



We looking for part time remote interviewer for AEM Developer. Please apply immediately if you are interested. you will get a call from our team member.



PLEASE REVIEW THE DETAILS, AND YOU CAN ALSO APPLY USING THIS LINK: https://forms.gle/sC1WMRa2Gx3QiiYw5



Required Skills:

Core Skills

Strong knowledge of Python / R
Solid understanding of Statistics & Probability
Experience with Machine Learning algorithms (Regression, Classification, Clustering)
Knowledge of Deep Learning (CNN, RNN, Transformers basics)




Please find below details regarding this opportunity:-
About Risebird;-

Leading Interview as a service platform for experts who are exploring part-time, freelance and moonlighting interviewing opportunities.
Platform for talented people to monetize their idle hours in interviewing
Largest interviewers network- 15k interviewers from 2600 companies, delivered 3.5 Lakh interviews, customers fortune 500 companies, 25+ crores paid to part-time interviewers in last 5 years
More details on https://risebird.io/

About Interviewer:-

1.Confidentiality and data privacy- Interviewers profile are never shared with customers, never mapped to current company recruiter, never mapped to candidate of interviewers current company
2. Payment flexibility- specific date payments, upfront display of payment for every interview- you can assign only those interviews that suit your payment expectations.
3. 100% remote- all interviews are conducted online and we will never request for offline visits.
4. No unfair deductions- only 10% TDS is deducted and remaining is transferred to your preferred account, 

5. TDS certificate is provided too

6. Time flexibility - 6AM -12AM during the weekdays, weekends, it's not forced time schedule, you decide which interviews you want to take ,no fixed rules
7. Easy to use- one time efforts, 15 mins call to share expectation, 5-10 mins max to see portal video.
8. Employment opportunities- Interviewers on our platform get both part-time and fulltime job offers from the quality of interviews they conduct while maintaining confidentiality. Offers are shared with interviewers and only after their approval we connect them back to requester
9. ROI - Continuous part-time income in highly confidential manner for life time of your career along with opportunities to create part-time/full-time employment opportunities


Regards,
Team Risebird

Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more




Likhith and millions of other members use Premium

Try Premium for ₹0
1-month free trial. Easy to cancel. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.

About the company
Risebird company logo
Risebird
194,898 followers

Follow
Technology, Information and Internet  51-200 employees  127 on LinkedIn
Save 70% of your engineering team, avoid wasting time interviewing unfit and non-serious candidates. Scale your team quickly.
